Python;A high-level programming language known for its readability and versatility.
Java;A class-based, object-oriented programming language designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
JavaScript;A scripting language that enables you to create dynamically updating content, control multimedia, animate images, and pretty much everything else.
C;A general-purpose programming language that is extremely popular, simple, and flexible.
C++;An extension of the C programming language with added features like object-oriented programming.
C#;A modern, object-oriented programming language developed by Microsoft.
PHP;A popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development.
Swift;A powerful and intuitive programming language for macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS.
Go;A statically typed, compiled programming language designed at Google.
Ruby;A dynamic, open-source programming language with a focus on simplicity and productivity.
Kotlin;A statically typed programming language that runs on the Java Virtual Machine and also can be compiled to JavaScript source code.
Rust;A multi-paradigm, general-purpose programming language designed for performance and safety, especially safe concurrency.
TypeScript;A typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.
Scala;A general-purpose programming language providing support for functional programming and a strong static type system.
R;A language and environment for statistical computing and graphics.
Dart;A general-purpose programming language originally developed by Google and later approved as a standard by Ecma.
Perl;A family of high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming languages.
MATLAB;A high-level language and interactive environment for numerical computation, visualization, and programming.
Objective-C;A general-purpose, object-oriented programming language that adds Smalltalk-style messaging to the C programming language.
SQL;A domain-specific language used in programming and designed for managing data held in a relational database management system.
